Replace README with official docs (#27)
airplanedev/node-sdk: README.md

# Airplane Node.js SDK [![npm](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/airplanedev/node-sdk?label=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/airplane) [![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/airplanedev/node-sdk)](https://github.com/airplanedev/node-sdk/blob/main/LICENSE) [![docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-airplane-blue)](https://docs.airplane.dev/creating-tasks/node) [![CI status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/airplanedev/node-sdk/tests/main)](https://github.com/airplanedev/node-sdk/actions?query=branch%3Amain)

SDK for writing [Airplane](https://airplane.dev) tasks with Node.js in JavaScript and TypeScript.

> To learn more, see [the Airplane docs on Node.js tasks](https://docs.airplane.dev/creating-tasks/node).

Reviewer: Can we link directly to https://docs.airplane.dev/creating-tasks/node-sdk ?

```suggestion
To learn more, see [the Airplane SDK docs](https://docs.airplane.dev/creating-tasks/node-sdk).
```
